Copyright (c) 1993-1996 Pete Jordan, Horus Communications

* NO WARRANTY *

BECAUSE THIS LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, WE PROVIDE ABSOLUTELY
NO WARRANTY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING, HORUS COMMUNICATIONS, PETE JORDAN AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THIS LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW WILL PETE JORDAN, HORUS
COMMUNICATIONS AND/OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND REDISTRIBUTE
THIS LIBRARY AS PERMITTED BELOW, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST MONIES, OR OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS) THIS LIBRARY, EVEN IF YOU
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM
BY ANY OTHER PARTY.

* GENERAL PUBLIC LICENCE TO COPY *

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of this library as you
receive it (in other words, including ALL files included in the
distribution), in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy a valid copyright notice "Copyright
(c) 1993-1996 Pete Jordan, Horus Communications"; and include following
the copyright notice a verbatim copy of the above disclaimer of warranty
and of this Licence. You may charge a distribution fee for the physical
act of transferring a copy.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the source files or any
portion of them, and copy and distribute such modifications under the
terms of Paragraph 1 above, provided that you also do the following:

    a) cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
    you changed the files and the date of any change; and

    b) cause the whole of any work that you distribute or publish, that
    in whole or in part contains or is a derivative of this library or
    any part thereof, to be licensed at no charge to all third parties
    on terms identical to those contained in this Licence Agreement
    (except that you may choose to grant more extensive warranty
    protection to some or all third parties, at your option).

    c) You may charge a distribution fee for the physical act of
    transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty
    protection in exchange for a fee.

Mere aggregation of another unrelated program or library with this
library (or its derivative) on a volume of a storage or distribution
medium does not bring the other program or library under the scope of
these terms.

  3. You may copy and distribute this library or any portion of it in
compiled, executable or object code form under the terms of Paragraphs 1
and 2 above provided that you do the following:

    a) accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
    source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Paragraphs
    1 and 2 above; or,

    b) accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
    years, to give any third party free (except for a nominal shipping
    charge) a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source
    code, to be distributed under the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 above;
    or,

    c) accompany it with the information you received as to where the
    corresponding source code may be obtained. (This alternative is
    allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received
    the library in object code or executable form alone.)

For an executable file, complete source code means all the source code
for all modules it contains; but, as special exceptions, it need not
include source code for modules which are standard libraries that
accompany the operating system on which the executable file runs, or,
for dynamic link libraries, the source code for any program or programs
with which the library is intended to operate.

  4. You may not copy, sublicence, distribute or transfer this library
except as expressly provided under this Licence Agreement. Any attempt
otherwise to copy, sublicence, distribute or transfer this library is
void and your rights to use the library under this Licence agreement
shall be automatically terminated. However, parties who have received
computer software programs from you with this Licence Agreement will not
have their licences terminated so long as such parties remain in full
compliance.

  5. If you wish to incorporate parts of this library into other free
programs or libraries whose distribution conditions are different,
please send email to licencing@horus.compulink.co.uk. Individual cases
will be treated on their merits subject to the two goals of preserving
the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting
the sharing and reuse of software.

  6. If you wish to distribute this library with a commercial program or
library that makes use of the functions within this library, write to
Horus Communications for a Commercial Redistribution Licence. In
general, such redistribution will be permitted, providing that this
library is distributed complete and unmodified and subject to all
conditions of this licence agreement, including this condition.


In other words, you are welcome to use, share and improve this library.
You are forbidden to forbid anyone else to use, share and improve what
you give them. Help stamp out software-hoarding!

